MITRE Duplicates (#13433)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedMitreAttackv2/ReleaseNotes/1_0_2.md

#### Integrations
##### MITRE ATT&CK Feed v2
- **Breaking changes**: Added to the sub-technique (Attack Pattern) prefix of the parent technique.

> - **Breaking changes**: Added (Malware) suffix to the **Malware** objects in case that there is **Intrusion Set** with same name.

Author: done

> - **Breaking changes**: Added (Malware) suffix to the **Malware** objects in case that there is **Intrusion Set** with same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking changes**: Added the Malware suffix to the **Malware** objects in cases where there is an **Intrusion Set** with the same name.
```

#### Integrations
##### MITRE ATT&CK Feed v2

> - **Breaking changes**: Added to the sub-technique (Attack Pattern) prefix of the parent technique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking changes**: Added to the sub-technique, Attack Pattern, the prefix of the parent technique.
```
